# web-scraping-Task

In this task the python library needed for web scraping is used is BeautifulSoup .
the step which are done here are:
1.extract the title and content of a page
2. Convert HTML tables to markdown
3.scrape new pages and save data to a JSON file
4.load existing data
5.save data to a JSON file
6.to save existing data
7.Main function to run the scraper
 output: save on json file:

 [
    {
        "title": "Blogs - Jus Corpus",
        "content": "Intellectual property rights are the legal privileges bestowed on people or organisations concerning their intellectual property, which include inventions, designs, trademarks, copyrights and trade\nThe use of goods and services is called consumption.  The person who consumes goods and services by paying the manufacturer or producer or retailer or service provider is termed a “consumer”.\nThe term ‘EnfTech’ refers to ‘Enforcement Technology’.  It is used to describe the use of technology by enforcement agencies for consumer protection. This project was initiated by Prof. Christine Riefa and Liz Coll in 2022 to explore how digital technology can be utilized to properly enforce consumer-\nArtificial Intelligence has woven itself into the fabric of our everyday lives so imperceptibly that one does not comprehend what share of their reality is AI-generated. Be it smartphones, home assistants, or Chat GPT and similar writing aids, AI has become vital in making our lives easier. The\nDumping refers to a situation wherein one country sells its goods to another country at a price much lower than its standard value or lower than the cost of production. This phenomenon can adversely\nThe term ‘notional extension’ refers to the hypothetical or imaginary extension of the employment premises or employment period in certain cases, to provide compensation and similar benefits to\nMoonlighting is a practice when a worker performs a second job for extra income and outside of regular company hours.  In India, moonlighting has become more common as a result of increased job options brought about by globalization and market development. Although the Factories Act of\nThe Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, on July 3, 2023, dismissed a plea that sought the creation of a\nThe Bureau of Indian Standards Act 2016 was implemented on 12th October 2017. It provides for the establishment of the National Standards Body of India which is also known as the Bureau of Indian\n‘Agency’ is one of the different kinds of contract where contractual rights can be provided and contractual obligations can be imposed on a stranger. Although the Indian Contract Act does not\n\n"
    },
    {
        "title": "Blogs - Jus Corpus",
        "content": "Taking a step further towards boosting women’s empowerment and reducing gender inequalities the Union Government is all set to introduce the new ‘NariAdalat’ or women- courts exclusively for\nThe discipline of criminology deals with the study of crimes, criminal behaviour and the methods to extirpate and reduce the crime rate in society. The breaking of laws and the community’s response\nEvery action the judge takes to uphold justice is referred to as the judicial process. The Indian judiciary is a single, integrated system with a pyramidal structure, with the Supreme Court at the top, the High Court at the center, and the District and Subordinate Courts at the bottom.\nThe leaders at the UN General Assembly are in consensus on the need for tangible actions to combat illnesses that are not transmissible. One of the four major causative risk factors for which is an unhealthy diet.  This unhealthy diet, characterized by overconsumption of calories is the major\nThe judiciary is a crucial institution in India, able to examine the constitutionality, implementation\nIn today’s era, technology plays a very important role in every phase of our lives, also has seen rapid growth in the rate of cybercrimes. The Information Technology Act, 2000 (IT Act) was introduced\nArtificial Intelligence (hereinafter referred to as AI) has gained increased attention from the research community in recent years. It has claimed to offer transformation in various sectors and industries\nDuring M&A negotiations, it is highly improbable that the seller and the buyer immediately agree on the same price for the company in question. It is understandably foreseeable that the seller has a\nWith the growth in the popularity of social media, there has been a rapid increase in the amount of fake news. As the speed and access of the internet increases so does the spread of unreliable, unverified\nThe theory of deterrence is one of the widely accepted reasons for punishing under criminal law. But in the recent past, the Competition Commission of India (hereinafter The Commission) has\n\n"
    },
    {
        "title": "Blogs - Jus Corpus",
        "content": "Food is an indispensable part of human existence, crucial for both physical and mental well-being. The Indian constitution acknowledges this fact, with Article 21  guaranteeing not only the right to life\nThis case is important in understanding the tussle between the Naxalites and the armed forces. This case considers the case of extra-judicial killings of tribal persons by security forces in the state of\nAdverse Possession refers to hostile possession  of property by any trespasser/squatter wherein he/she may perfect a title over the said property if this possession continues for 12 years not\nAn agreement between two or more parties that is enforceable in court, constitutes a contract.  Communication of offer and acceptance plays a vital role in the formation of the contract. According\nAdvocacy is a noble profession and the responsibility to maintain its nobility is in the hands of advocates, who are the officers of the court. Every profession has a code of conduct that must be adhered to. Professional conduct refers to compliance with various duties of an advocate\nThe term ‘tribes’ as we understand it today is a definition that has changed many times over the years. When we say that the category of tribes is a colonial construction\nRecently the guardian of our constitution in its 5-judge bench has passed a judgment which says that it has the power to grant a divorce in matters of irretrievable breakdown of marriages\nAn invention developed during the period of employment may lead to conflicting interests between the employer and the employee regarding the vesting of patent rights of such an invention.\nThis quote describes exactly how technology has become subconscious and difficult to imagine life without. Machines were made for tasks tedious to man and had limited capacity. But a recent invention has widened the innovating capacity of machines,\nThe global digital landscape evolves by the minute as new technological changes enhance the Internet experience for users worldwide. India emerges as a dominant entity on the Internet with almost 850 million users attracting the attention of Big Tech\n\n"
    },
    {
        "title": "Blogs - Jus Corpus",
        "content": "The former provides the procedure to be followed in case of criminal cases whereas the latter provides for the process to be followed in civil cases. The right to a fair trial is considered a human right and an important principle under criminal law.\nProperty is known to be “Everything which is the subject of ownership, corporeal or incorporeal\nEuthanasia is one of the most controversial and strongly debated topics concerning end-of-life. It revolves around the concept of purposefully ending someone’s life to spare them from the ongoing\nThis blog will deal with the Rescission of Contract under The Specific Relief Act of 1963. First, it is essential to have a glimpse of what the act is. The Specific Relief Act offers specific reliefs. Specific relief, also known as an exact or designated, fixed, or decided relief, refers to the relief of a certain\nThe roots of rehabilitation can be seen in the Latin Maxim “Mea culpa”, which means “a formal recognition of one’s guilt”  The idea of rehabilitation is that the offender must first recognize his guilt to take steps for rehabilitation\nThe word contract is defined under section 2(h) . In India, Contracts are governed by the Indian Contract Act, of 1872. There are a total of 266 sections out of which Section 5 of the said act deals\nIn the USA, novelty criteria assert that to be patentable, an invention is required to be a novel or new concept. The patentability of an idea can be prevented or held unpatentable through specific\nIt has been Seventy-five years since India got its independence from British rule, however, the marks of the colonial rule are still present extensively over every aspect of the world’s largest democracy. Indian judiciary has undergone extensive changes and reforms ever since our country got freedom,\nAn entity other than a natural being that the law considers capable of having rights and duties typically accorded to human beings only is known as a legal personality or a juristic personality. The rights granted might range from a small number of legal rights that the granting body considers\nThe Madras High Court in a groundbreaking verdict declared that caste has no role in the appointment of Archakas (priests).  The judgement is significant as it laid down that merit is the only qualification for becoming a priest.\n\n"
    },
    {
        "title": "Blogs - Jus Corpus",
        "content": "We live in a society where people of different genders have pre-given roles and they are stereotypes attached to people of every gender. One such common stereotype is ‘women should be taking care of the household and should look after their\nThe three strong pillars, in the Constitution for the governance of our Country constitute of Legislature, Executive, and Judiciary. The Legislature comprises Parliament which has the\nThe age of AI has begun to emerge out of its shell as it has been made easily accessible to the general public all around the globe. AI has already revolutionized many industries up till now, such as education, coding, machine learning, and many more. Now people have turned it towards\nThe most conventional method used by banks and financial institutions while granting loans to corporations involve obtaining a guarantee from either the Director/Promoter/ Holding Company of the Corporation.\nThe term justice has been derived from the Latin term ‘jus’ which means “to bind to contract.” As all political, legal and moral thought is believed to started with the Greeks, it is essential to\nForced sterilization, also known as coerced or compulsory sterilization, is generally a government-authorized program to sterilize people belonging to a specific group or strata of society, without\nUnpredictable and unimaginable crimes in our society occasionally come to light shocking the core of our beliefs. And it warrants updating laws that are unable to deal with the unpredictable and unnatural nature of these crimes. A similar case was seen in Karnataka when Rangarajan on June 25, 2015, murdered a 21-year-old woman and\nEvery year, thousands of people, are abused, bullied, harassed, and killed by various forms of crime. A person can be a victim of rape, robbery, murder, etc. The rights of victims have not received much\nAnthropogenic climate, also known as human-induced climate change refers to the long-term shift in the earth’s temperature and weather pattern primarily due to human activities i.e., deforestation\nThe Union Health and Family Welfare Ministry has on 31st May, which is celebrated as World No-Tobacco Day, released new guidelines for online depiction of Tobacco in online curated content.\n\n"
    }
]

#extiting data:on file save is:
https://www.juscorpus.com/category/blogs/page/2/
https://www.juscorpus.com/category/blogs/page/5/
https://www.juscorpus.com/category/blogs/page/1/
https://www.juscorpus.com/category/blogs/page/3/
https://www.juscorpus.com/category/blogs/page/4/
